README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/gfting/huang-wen-cheng.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/gfting/huang-wen-cheng)

# huang-wen-cheng

Web app to play Go, named in honor of my grandfather that taught me, 黃文辰. We are rarely able to play with one another because of distance, but I hope that this will be enjoyed by both him and others. *He died May 15th, 2019 before the completion of this project.

## Setup

You can 'git clone' this project, or check out a live demo in the link above. If you want to try hacking on it, you can do 'npm i' and then 'http-server -c-1' for a live reload.

## Introduction to Rules

Players place pieces in order one at a time.
For additional reference: the [Wikipedia Go Page](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game)>) is fairly comprehensive.

## Examples

Coming soon with screenshots from the game!

## Future Features

### MVP 1:

- Toggle placing black/white pieces
- Display whose turn it is
- Load positions into data structure
- Move all formatting into CSS file
- Unique IDs for each pieces based on player and position

### MVP 2: [CURRENT]

- Add examples of different board positions
- Have a scoreboard
- Change to class-based structure for pieces
- Game logic:
  - Remove pieces
  - BFS traversal for removal when placing different parts
- Make hover icons
- Flesh out more documentation with official javadoc format
- Add bespoke favicons
- Add more color and formatting
- TODO:   Future styling for custom hover icon
    .custom {
      cursor: url(images/my-cursor.png), auto;
    }

### MVP 3:

- Squash commit history and make it pretty
- Add multiplayer
- Enhance rules: ensure edge cases are met
- This means you can't place down a piece immediately in a location where it has just been taken. Probably need to create a better state for this
- Alternatively, utilize undo/redo stack to look at previous commands and process based on IDs
- Add different board sizes (9 x 9, 13 x 13) you can select from
- Make pieces prettier
- Add an iMessage app implementation

## Challenges

- Browsersync apparently doesn't play well when you have multiple event listeners. It causes coordinates to sometimes be registered as 0, which messes with relative calculations within elements.
  - This creates some serious issues while I was testing, because I thought it was a logical error. Spent a good chunk of time trying to debug something that was because of bugs within this tool.

Commit message:

removal implementation for isolated pieces

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/gfting/huang-wen-cheng.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/gfting/huang-wen-cheng)

# huang-wen-cheng

Web app to play Go, named in honor of my grandfather that taught me, 黃文辰. We are rarely able to play with one another because of distance, but I hope that this will be enjoyed by both him and others. *He died May 15th, 2019 before the completion of this project.

## Setup

You can 'git clone' this project, or check out a live demo in the link above. If you want to try hacking on it, you can do 'npm i' and then 'http-server -c-1' for a live reload.

Linting: just run 'npm run lint'.

## Introduction to Rules

Players place pieces in order one at a time.
For additional reference: the [Wikipedia Go Page](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game)>) is fairly comprehensive.
The resources at [Masters of Games](https://www.mastersofgames.com/rules/go-rules.htm) is also useful. 

## Examples

Coming soon with screenshots from the game!

## Future Features

### MVP 1:

- Toggle placing black/white pieces
- Display whose turn it is
- Load positions into data structure
- Move all formatting into CSS file
- Unique IDs for each pieces based on player and position

### MVP 2: [CURRENT]

- Add examples of different board positions
- Have a scoreboard
- Change to class-based structure for pieces
- Game logic:
  - Remove pieces
  - BFS traversal for removal when placing different parts
- Make hover icons
- Flesh out more documentation with official javadoc format
- Add bespoke favicons
- Add more color and formatting
- TODO:   Future styling for custom hover icon
    .custom {
      cursor: url(images/my-cursor.png), auto;
    }

### MVP 3:

- Squash commit history and make it pretty
- Add multiplayer
- Enhance rules: ensure edge cases are met
- This means you can't place down a piece immediately in a location where it has just been taken. Probably need to create a better state for this
- Alternatively, utilize undo/redo stack to look at previous commands and process based on IDs
- Add different board sizes (9 x 9, 13 x 13) you can select from
- Make pieces prettier
- Refactor everything to 0 | 1 | 2 for null, black, white
- make the board a class
- custom IDs for players
- add a highlighter for most recent move
- utilize game states. honestly, this will require a full rewrite, I think
- Just rewrite the whole thing utilizing React. There are some cases that my current implementation just doens't work for
- Add on a testing suite


### Future Implementations
- Add an iMessage app implementation
- make a new app with React Native || NativeScript

## Challenges

- Browsersync apparently doesn't play well when you have multiple event listeners. It causes coordinates to sometimes be registered as 0, which messes with relative calculations within elements.
  - This creates some serious issues while I was testing, because I thought it was a logical error. Spent a good chunk of time trying to debug something that was because of bugs within this tool.
